[ENTRY RELATED TO RIGHT BEFORE L-9 TRANSFORMATION #7]
[June 21st, 1973]
I can't believe it's finally the big day! It's been pushed back for so long by all of my parents, but today's finally the day I get gills! They told me all about it yesterday, about how they would be using some... rock? Whatever. I didn't pay attention to the details, teehee! I'm just ready to see what life is like underwater! I can't wait to see what kinds of friends I'll make!

[ENTRY RELATED TO AFTER L-9 TRANSFORMATION #7]
[June 23rd, 1973]
Bleh. It turns out those gills were a total bust. I just woke up after all of that happened, and they told me all about how "the gills didn't work" and how "they'll look into it some more". That's what they told me last time! I don't care about "needing to research more", I JUST WANT MY GILLS!!!! And that's not even the worst part. Now my cheeks hurt since they had to remove the gills by hand, do they know how much pain I'm in right now? Oh well. If there's anything nice to say it's that I at least get to enjoy some fish smoothies for the next few weeks while my cheeks recover. There's always next time I guess...

[ENTRY RELATED TO TIME AFTER LYNE ESCAPES TANK]
[December... 7th?, 1977]
I know it's been a few months now since I first got out, but I never would have guessed just how big our house is. And not only that, but today I discovered that there are lots of friends living in our house that I never knew of! There's this one guy among them in particular that I reeeeally like. His name is Z-7. I just call him Zevan, but he's such a cutie. We talked all about how we were both in those tanks before they broke, and it turns out the two of us are just like the other! I think I'll try asking him out the next time I see him... I gotta think of how I'll do that.

[ENTRY RELATED TO LYNE'S LONELINESS]
[no date]
How long has it been? Months? Years? Decades? I don't remember the last time I talked to someone. I've been out of food for a long time now. The only reason I've been able to hold on for so long is because... well... I don't think I need to write it down. There's very little left for me down here. I don't care about finding my parents, I don't care about making history, and I certainly don't care about being a fish. In fact, if it weren't for this tail I would have left by now. I've got to find a way out, I don't want to die here. The sun calls for me, I've never gotten to see it before. It'll handle everything I need. I need food and I need a place to call home. But most of all, I need... someone I can talk to.
